What is NPM? 
-It is not node package manager,
-Npm manages packages but doesn't stand for node package manager.
-Npm manages all kind of packages, libraries, etc.

Npm init >> Creates packages.json 

Package.json file is configuration for our Npm 
It keeps the track of what version is installed 


The Most Important package is a bundler
Bundler basically bundles our app.

We will be using Parcel Bundler 
npm install -D parcel

There are 2 types od dependencies:
1. DevDependencies - It is Required For development phase.
So we will install parcel as devdependency, So we have used "-D"
2. Normal Dependencies - Used in Production also.

"devDependencies": {
    "parcel": "^2.15.4"
  }
Here What does caret"^" means ?
Suppose a new version of parcel is released the parcel will automatically updates its version 
It will update minor updates like 2.15.6

"^2.15.4" - here we can also use tilde "~"

Tilde ~ automatically updates to major update like 3.0.0 

Always use Caret so that only minor updates can be updated instead of major update bcoz If we install major update it can disrupt our app


package-lock.json
Locks exact version of package
It keeps the track of all the Exact versions. 

Node module ?
node modules is a data base where all the packages are being stored.
Nodde modules are like database of various packages

Transitive Dependencies
Parcel can itself have own dependencies and that dependencies may be have thier own dependencies.
so when we have installed parcel so parcel says please install other packages also 


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOW LETS IDNITE OUR APP  | Lets see how parcel works

npx parcel index.html
Server running at http://localhost:1234
✨ Built in 5.57s
Parcel has created a server and
Now parcel is hosting our app 
npx means executing the package
here index.html is executed

Another way to get react via npm Not from CDN links
We use NPM method bcoz It doesn't need to network call, instead we can directly use it from node modules

## Why react is fast ?
# Parcel
- Dev Build
- Local Server
- HMR - Hot Module Replacement
- Parcel uses File watching Algoritm which is written in C++
- Catching - Faster builds 
- Image Optimization
- Minification of files
- Bundling
- Compress 
- Consistent Hashing
- Code Splitting
- Differential Bundling - Support for Older Browsers
- Diagnostic
- Error Handling
- HTTPs
- Tree Shaking Algorithm - remove unused code.
- Different dev & production bundles.


Browserslist.dev 
to know Which browsers versions  our app to be work on.
ADD this in package.json

"browserslist": [
  "last 2 versions"
]

It means it will definitely work on this versions But may or maay not work on other versions of browsers.